README file for DrawView version 1.00
=====================================

DrawView is an application that allows Draw files created by the
Acorn/RiscOS application Draw, and other compatible applications, to
be displayed on a Linux or other Unix system.  It is written in C++
and released under the GNU GPL.

DrawView requires the Qt 4 libraries (version 4.1.0 or later),
available from www.trolltech.com or included in many Linux
distributions.  Qt/X11 is free for use and development of open-source
applications.  It may in theory be possible to run DrawView under
Windows or MacOS using the appropriate Qt package; however, these
may require a separate licence.

The file is displayed in a desktop window which can be scrolled and
zoomed as required.  The drawing can be exported in PDF or PostScript
format for printing or use in other applications.


The file formats supported, and their original Acorn file types, are:

   Plain Draw file                DrawFile (AFF)      Draw, many others
   Draw file with extra data      DrawFile (AFF)      DrawPlus
   Compressed Draw                CmprDraw (C4B)      Chameleon, Poster, Vector
   Compressed with extras         VecFile  (C56)      Vector
   Draw with tagged objects       Poster   (CC3)      Poster

All types of standard Draw objects, and the additional ones provided
by Vector, are supported and displayed.  There are some features that
it is not possible to reproduce exactly, due to limitations in the Qt
library or the underlying platform, but the results obtained should be
as close as it is possible to achieve.  See the home page for further
information.

Best results for text display are obtained if a good selection of
TrueType fonts are installed.  The mapping between the original Acorn
font names and available fonts is configurable.


The source download (with some example files) and further information
is available from the home page:

   http://www.keelhaul.me.uk/acorn/drawview/

See the INSTALL file within the source archive for installation
instructions.  In fewer words, this follows the standard GNU
build/install system:

   unpack the source archive
   ./configure [options...]
   make
   make install
   drawview [file...]


This is a work in progress; further facilities and improvements are
planned.  Reasonable suggestions, bug or problem reports are welcome.


Jonathan Marten
jjm@keelhaul.me.uk
